Christmas is gay who likes Christmas do
you guys like Christmas holidays finds
is coming it's the greatest time of year
why for the greatest time of the year so
you can get your sweat bucket girlfriend
that cheated on you with five Crips a
stupid ass nice BF fake ads diamond ring
guy out of a cracker jack machine is
that why christmas is so amazing no
because it was the time Jesus came to
life he was born in a manger we don't
even know when Jesus is born if you
would only give it a big a big arm
what's the word celebration like they
used to they used to have stupid ass TV
Christmas Carol shows like how the
grinch stole of girls vagina or jingle
balls all the way you know stupid ads
like Charlie Brown gets herpes this
Christmas stupid ass Christmas shows now
they don't we really do that what's the
Christmas shows they got on now tops
christmas edition I don't want to see no
black man go to jail during Christmas
let's go make me sad America's Most
Wanted christmas xmas vision I lost you
know Christmas vision with there's
Christmas excellence vision is he going
to be naked I don't like Christmas I'd
be angry black man at Christmas last
yeah I don't like Christmas Christmas
sucks they always do the same shells and
the same stupid stuff it hadn't been
cold in Houston Texas during Christmas
I'm all going to be free even during
Christmas I go outside is hotter than
the devil's booty bike outside Santa
Claus don't even have a bell ringing
piadina Santa Claus neither wearing a
traditional Santa Claus clothes in
Houston Texas I'll go to the mall Santa
Claus is wearing no shirt swim trunks in
the pool screaming come on give me a
dollar give me a dollar I want a dollar
what kind of Christmas is this Christmas
over for Christmas man
for Christmas such a nice if I get my
inspiration where do I get my
inspiration I want you to tell me having
catch a predator Christmas edition I'm
agreeing with this dude is it going
someone's house pedophile hehe wearing a
Santa Claus hat navy with his penis
hanging out to a mistletoe turn the 15
year old girl won't you suck this you've
been a naughty girl I like Christmas OD
cigs you mean it's about giving is about
giving no it's nice to hell all know so
the tear that light won't sue can tell
that you will sit it for Intel